well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
and it is day 732 of waiting for the
election results
not really but it feels like it right uh
i'm at the point now where i'm
trying to record content that isn't
directly related to the election that
doesn't talk about the results because i
can
sense and read the tweets people getting
a little stressed
and i think maybe people could use a
different message
at the moment something to kind of ease
tensions a little bit
you know if you're a long time viewer of
this channel you know
i slide little easter eggs into videos
sometimes it's something hidden on the
shelves behind me
the shirt matches you know stuff like
that
some people have picked up on the fact
that i will often
slide quotes from movies or songs
into uh and into a video
one of the most profound lines
from a song that i think i may have ever
heard
is uh from snow the product and
i think i used it once in a video but
never
to the extent i feel i should because
it's it's worth a video on its own
it's from uh the hamilton mixtape
and the the song is immigrants
we get the job done the line is
america's ghost riders
just that term america's ghost riders
in the context of the song is talking
about immigrants specifically
undocumented immigrants
who kind of live in the shadows you know
they don't get the credit they deserve
for the work they do and
yeah i mean absolutely that's true
that is absolutely true but
that term has so so much more meaning
than that really
because it's true on so many other
levels
the united states has had ghost riders
the people who did the work that didn't
get the credit
since before the united states existed
from the natives who were first their
helping
colonizers to slaves
to the
the immigrants that came over to build
railroads
while some industrialists got all the
credit
you know i looked there was not a single
guy that looked like the dude from
monopoly driving railroad spikes it
didn't happen
but that's what's in the history box
that's who gets the credit the reality
is
that it's normally people who have no
power
who are writing america's story
who are creating the history that later
on
gets referenced through
important people people who had power
most times those events
the the people credited in history books
didn't actually do it
they're more like bookmarks this is the
period that it happened
but somebody else did the work and it's
always like that in this country even
today
even today that's how it plays out and
typically the further away
from the levers of power the person is
the less credit they get and the more
work they do
and they're rarely recorded the way they
should you know we always talk about the
general
that did this the general was nowhere
near the battle most times
came up with a plan somebody else
executed it
somebody else put in the work and this
is true
about everything
everything that has happened in this
country
and i think that may be
something that people need to hear right
now
because at the end of the day biden
he's just the important person that's
going to get the credit
if the country is going to be turned
around it's going to be turned around by
us
by those who aren't holding on to the
lovers
of power if trump gets re-elected
and you know
destroys the country
it's because we let him
at the end of the day if you feel like
you don't have any control
if you feel like you don't have any
power if you feel like this country
is just spinning out of control and
there's nothing you can do about it
understand the entire country's history
is there because of people like you
america's ghost riders
those that didn't get the credit
but in the end end up doing all the work
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day